Download all the images from copyright-free sources and arrange them according to different folders.
Make a new file as index.html and add the boilerplate. Then give the title as the Best Online Food Delivery Services in India | MyOnlineMeal.com under the <title> tag. 

We will begin by making a navbar and give it an id as follows-

 In the above code, we have created a navbar and attached an image to it. We have then added several li’s to it like about us, contact us, etc. headings. The next step is to apply CSS to the navbar, logo, and list items. After applying it, the final result will look like as follows-


Now we will make a section below it and add a background image to it. Create a section with id as home as follows-

The next step is to customize this section with the CSS. We will target each element of the home section and customize them individually. After adding the CSS, the result will look as follows-

Next, we will make the services class where we will describe the services provided by us. The code is as follows-

Now we will add CSS to this services container section and modify it accordingly. After modifying the box and images in the services section, the result will look as follows-

The next step is to add the client's section on the page or the sensors of our page. Here we can name our clients and add a picture of them. The code for it is as follows-


Now we will add CSS to this section and the first step is to convert the section after our clients should be converted into a flexbox. After applying all the CSS to this section, the result will look as follows-

Next, we will add the contact form to our website. The form will contain a name, email, phone no., and message box. The code for it is as follows-

The next step is to style our form with the help of CSS. We will differently style contact::before, contact-box, contact-box input, contact-box form, and contact-box label. After doing all the necessary changes, the form will look as follows-


The next step is to make the website responsive. For making it responsive, we will make a new file as phone.css and necessary code here. Add the file in the HTML along with media queries as follows-



